if you've got some webinars coming up
that you'd like to promote with LinkedIn
ads in this video we're going to talk
about four unique ideas that you can
leverage to drive more registrations as
a visual reference I'll be using this
article that our team member Alejandra
wrote uh so you can follow along with
examples so let's dive into it first
things first is you're going to want to
leverage your thought leaders nothing
sells like the speakers when it comes to
any event for that matter whether it's a
webinar a conference the speakers sell
the events so if you can let coverage
the thought leaders that are attending
that they're speaking at the event and
you can have them post on their personal
LinkedIn pages and then you take that
post and you promote it as a thought
leader ad that's really powerful if you
do decide to do that make sure you have
them in bed in the post a link to the
webinar page so that way people can
actually click through because you can't
add it after the fact as a thought
leader ad and you're going to want to
make sure that they place the link
higher in the post copy and they should
do it about 3 to 5 days after post
posting it organically uh after the
initial organic reach dies down because
having the link in the post typically
makes the reach go down so you want to
do it after the shelf life of that
organic post so what you're going to
want to do is you're going to want to
partner with all of the speakers in the
event and ask them to promote it on
their on their personal Pages which most
speakers do if they're speaking at an
event they want people to know about it
and then you're going to ask them to
have it be a thought leader ad so you
would just grab a link to the post
request access to it and then you can
sponsor it as a thought leader ad so
here's an example from do what works
they are running a webinar with uh
amplitude and in this case their
co-founder is the thought leader here
and he made this post talking about
their partnership and we can now take
this post and then promote it as a
thought leader ad to drive more webinar
registrations and the advice for the
co-founder here would be to put the link
in the post uh closer to the top we have
tested it and if you have the link
closer to the top you drive more landing
page clicks than if it's lower on the
bottom kind of obvious but it's cool
seeing with some data behind it that it
does have a significant impact so
definitely have it you know just ideally
below the C more button uh when they
have to expand the LinkedIn post so if
you're not leveraging thought leader ads
for webinar registrations this is a
massive opportunity it could be images
it can be video and it's a really great
way for you to drive significant
registrations for your event all right
second thing is is to boost high-
performing social media content uh so
essentially if you have content that's
already performing well for you
organically then that's an obvious thing
for you to then just boost extend the
reach and drive even more registrations
with that piece of content often times
when we think about ads we think from a
different perspective than we do organic
content and good content is good content
whether it's an ad or not and all the ad
is going to going to do is it's going to
guarantee distribution and visibility
amongst the people that matter assuming
your targeting is correct so here's like
a very basic simple example from Uber
flip they're promoting this webinar they
posted it to their LinkedIn company page
now what you can do is you can take that
same exact post and make sure that the
people that need to see it see it so you
can drive even more registrations this
is really important especially when you
don't have a large following on your
LinkedIn page which most companies don't
and the reach on LinkedIn pages is
typically not as good which is also why
we started with thought leader ads and
personal page posts but you can just
take that post and you can distribute it
also the other advantage of doing this
is because you already posted it
organically uh you've already acred a
certain amount of Engagement so likes
comments shares now when you take that
same post and you boost it as an ad you
have all of that organic engagement
already on the ad so it makes your offer
more credible more you know interesting
to somebody who's seeing it in their
feed because of the volume of
interaction so you have that social
proof baked in versus creating a new ad
with the same asset and then starting
from zero in terms of Engagement okay
moving on number three is to create a
LinkedIn event so if you're not familiar
you can actually create events on
LinkedIn and then you could even use
linkedin's uh ad type to promote your
event which is what you're seeing here
and you know this is a LinkedIn ad type
to promote an event because you have the
CTA button a view event and then you you
can also see the event details here and
the time of the event so even if you're
not hosting an event on LinkedIn I
highly recommend you create an actual
event for the LinkedIn uh page if you
will because it's going to allow you to
crew a lot of social proof and then be
able to leverage this ad type so from
here people can click through and
actually go to your event page and then
Mark that they are attending the really
cool thing about this ad type to is it
allows you to build a retargeting
audience off of people who interacted
with your events so then you can then
re-engage these people in the future by
using the LinkedIn native event format
so if you haven't tried using this I
highly recommend it uh especially
because if you can get a lot of people
to mark that they're attending to the
event it's really great social proof for
you to see oh wow we've got like 300
people who are saying they're going to
join this webinar or this event uh I
should probably consider this so really
simple thing and it doesn't cost any
money for you to create the LinkedIn
event and uh it can be pretty powerful
all right now finally the fourth one
here is to use incentives this one's a
little bit creative and I know when we
think of incentives people often
associate some sort of high- intent
offer like a demo request but uh these
are some pretty interesting examples of
using incentives to drive more
registrations so for example it can be a
a raffle so you can have some sort of
raffle so if if somebody joins in like
in this case for Zoom info they're
promoting this webinar and as like an
incentive they're having a raffle of an
iPad a pair of airpods Macs and a pair
of airpod Pros to three random attendees
this is a really cool interesting uh way
of using incentives to drive more
registration so they're raffling these
uh these airpods if you join the event
so you're like oh wow like that's cool
like I'm already interested in this
topic ideally right because we want to
create events in the first place on
timely topics with relevant you know
Associated to a relevant paino assuming
you have that then now if you can offer
an incentive that's really powerful
because it's like wow I would have
already wanted to join this webinar but
the fact that now just attending I could
win some airpods like amazing you know
and even if you don't need airpods it's
just a cool little additional thing to
be a part of you know uh you could
always give it to a friend or a family
member as a gift so this is a cool
example of using incentives in a in a
creative way uh another way you could
use incentives instead of a raffle is
you can say for everyone that attends
the the webinar the live webinar we're
going to be issuing them a I don't know
a $5 Starbucks gift card so they can
have a coffee while attending the
webinar as an example so these are four
different ways uh that you can leverage
LinkedIn ads and some ideas for you to
drive more webinar registrations if you
found this V video valuable if you can
give it a thumbs up leave a comment that
would be super helpful to help us get
our Channel out there and grow and
subscribe for future videos around B2B
advertising from Google LinkedIn uh and
so on and so forth and if you're a B2B
marketer watching this and you want to
expand your advertising skill set and
you're not a part of AD conversion come
check us out at ad conversion.com and uh
you can access all of our free on demand
courses takes less than 90 seconds to
sign up and uh we have tons of courses
on the way from Google ads to LinkedIn
ads to Reddit ads all around B2B and uh
really helping you understand how to
scale Pipeline and revenue and if you
wanted access to this article I will
link it in the description box down
below thanks so much for watching I'll
see you in the next one